hey guys gonna talk to you for a minute
listen again I want to urge you to push
the duck special because if they don't
eat the duck you're going to and it's
not very good
so tonight's night is big bachelor party
yeah hey thanks for giving me that
girl's number no problem
so who's the party for my husband you
hired your husband a hooker he's a
stripper no she's a hooker
is that what they call strippers
sometimes when the hook is Godstow like
I can't believe you did this
now you're absolutely sure she's a
hooker either that or she's just the
best most expensive date I ever had
maybe she meant to get you a hooker
why would she do that maybe she wants
you to learn something cause anything
you're really bad at you know sexually
this is the worst bachelor party ever in
a minute in a minute what's gonna happen
in a minute
all right maybe maybe she just asked me
to leave why me
hey it's your bachelor party which is
why you should do it I don't want to you
do you do it you do it all right rock
paper scissor who has to tell the whore
to leave what I missed this I don't
think we've actually done this before no
I miss hanging out with you well we
still hang out not like we used to
remember you and me used to be
inseparable no now it's like things are
different well you know things are
different I'm married now yeah sure and
hey don't get me wrong I'm so happy for
you guys I just I miss hanging out just
just us you know yeah I'm said to fight
I'll tell you what for now when we'll
make time to hang out with the giant you
got it come here okay Oh God
listen I am this close to robbing you
guys
hi we spoke on the phone